[Home](../../main.md) | [Prev: Day 91](notes_2025-02-21.md) | [Next: Day 93](./notes_2025-02-27.md)

## 📝 Day 92, Wednesday - `notes_2025-02-26.md`

- 1on1 Genaro
    * US217 new error correct for PRT#; need to send to DM for actual update on backend (below sql shows how i arrived to the update sql)
    * US211; approved on DEV, need to write Roll back documentation and ready for PROD
    * US196; also approved on DEV; need to write Roll back documentation and ready for PROD; need to write for all protocols
    * ask DTX for the sql update queries for documentation and reference (sent email cc'ing the folks)

```sql
-- general investigation view
-- the id = 470 which is used downstream
  SELECT
      a.id AS a_id,
      b.id,
      b.bioreg_id,
      a.antibody_name,
      b.name
  FROM
      (
          SELECT
              b.date_created,
              b.id,
              b.bioreg_id,
              a.child_id,
              b.name AS antibody_name
          FROM
              c2c.complex_child a
          JOIN c2c.complex b ON b.id = a.complex_id
      ) a
  JOIN (
      SELECT *
      FROM
          c2c.complex_child a
      JOIN c2c.complex b ON b.id = a.child_id
      WHERE
          upper(composition) NOT LIKE '%DELETED%'
  ) b ON b.child_id = a.child_id
where b.bioreg_id = 'PRT5000429'
;

-- view base table for chemical component
select * from c2c.CHEMICAL_COMPONENT
where owner_id = 470 and owningclass = 'Complex'
;

-- update sql
update c2c.CHEMICAL_COMPONENT
set compound_id = 'PRT1012372'
where owner_id = 470 and owningclass = 'Complex'
;
```
### US196 - PDF export

#### Roll Out Plan
All studies protocols have their own PDF export config that is managed by a special SQL query. Once the SQL code is updated for each protocol it is git logged and version controlled, the new changes can be tested immediately after having saved the sql changes; within the studies module itself or asking other users to try exporting pdf files for testing.

#### Back Out Plan
If changes need to be rolled back we will re-write the SQL to set it back to where it had originally been set to (by doing a git revert). There is essentially zero to extremely low risk of failure since the SQL is git logged and all changes are tracked. Simply copying and pasting an older version would be the back-out plan.


### US211 - user audit logs

#### Roll Out Plan
Create new User Access project on PROD and create three datasources that are associated with project, create the simple table and user textbox Form to allow searching by ISID. Only preludeAdmin will have access to this and other admin-like users can be added as see fit. There are no cross-over relations with other projects or datasources so the creation of this is low risk.

#### Back Out Plan
Simply deleting the entire project is sufficient to wipe it from existence and since it has no relation with other projects or datasources, it would not affect anything at all.
