[Home](../../main.md) | [Prev: Day 4](./notes_2024-10-10.md) | [Next: Day 6](./notes_2024-10-14.md)

## 📝 Day 5, Friday - `notes_2024-10-11.md`

- Wrote 2x DM emails (update sql and bioregistery.groovy file uniqueness config)
- Investigate issue with data not showing up on DEV, but in PROD - solved, due to slightly inconsistent SQL in DEV/PROD and not validating the data points manually in the Studies module
- Response from Melvin for running SQL queries - ran two tests and the antibody name is showing properly


# Draft for Change Request for ADCs 
A bulk upload was done on Bioregister that had incorrectly identified isotype antibody as “human IgG1 Kappa Isotype Control” (our isotype purchased from MCE) for the following 13 ADCs: 

```
PRT5000210
PRT5000217
PRT5000224
PRT5000231
PRT5000238
PRT5000244
PRT5000245
PRT5000251
PRT5000257
PRT5000263
PRT5000269
PRT5000275
PRT5000281
```

The correct designation is “AbCellera_Isotype” (AbCellera’s unique antibody). We had to make this data change without altering the PRT codes for these ADCs, which have already been tested. 

Spencer Trinh (RCH Solutions) wrote the proper SQL UPDATE statement to correct this issue and sent the SQL code to be executed by DM engineers.

The data will be presented on the BioRegister Page  with the correct Antibody Name displayed for these PRT numbers.

### Impact Analysis
Spencer and Genaro reviewed the underlying base table, C2C.COMPLEX_CHILD which only has two columns, COMPLEX_ID and CHILD_ID, a new integer value that corresponds to the appropriate Antibody name needed to be assigned for these specific PRT numbers. There would be no effect on other tables other than the Antibody name.

### Implementation Plan
Spencer Trinh will write the SQL code to manually update the COMPLEX_CHILD values to be executed by DM team.

### Roll Out Plan
Once the SQL code is completed, it will be sent to DM for evaluation and if confirmed the DM team will execute the SQL code to have immediate effect on the PROD environment. A follow-up meeting can be held to confirm the changes.

### Back Out Plan
If changes need to be rolled back we will re-write the SQL to set it back to where it had originally been set to. The only thing that is being changed is one integer number (COMPLEX_ID). Also, DM had bad a back-up before the UPDATE statements were executed.

### Implementation Date/Time Information
As soon as approval is received.
