[Home](../../main.md) | [Prev: Day 5](./notes_2024-10-11.md) | [Next: Day 7](./notes_2024-10-15.md)

## 📝 Day 6, Monday - `notes_2024-10-14.md`


- need to pursue the ASFU oracle license for full-read access, need two liceses for Spencer & Genaro, can it be fit into budget?
- maybe need write privledges to the DS3_APPDATA to force refresh DS: To force a particular set of datasources provide a ',' separated list: INSERT INTO DS3_APPDATA.EVENT_TRIGGER(EVENT,ID) VALUES ('DSUPDATER','DS_A,DS_B')
  * Ask Dotmatics for a detailed written explanation of the licensing change and what exactly it entails.
  * Clarify with Dotmatics whether this is an additional Oracle license or an upgrade to your existing Dotmatics license.
  * If it involves direct Oracle licensing, consider consulting with Oracle or an Oracle licensing expert to verify the appropriateness of an ASFU license for your use case.
  * Ensure you understand all the terms, including any restrictions on how you can use the data you access.
  * Confirm what level of support you'll receive for direct database access, especially if you encounter issues.
- elaborate user story # 146 Simplify ADC Stability data view on Summary page   
- need to change case number for user story 147 data change for patrick wen: 00057390


# Draft for 137 Data Change for Pattrick Wen 
Pattrick Wen requested to change PRT1010844-004 (PWE012-9) from free base to 0.27 equivalent formate salt

Spencer Trinh (RCH Solutions) wrote the proper SQL UPDATE statement to change the value and sent the SQL code to be executed by DM engineers.

The data will be presented on the Registry Page with the correct stroichiometry displayed for this PRT number and Batch ID.

### Impact Analysis
Spencer and Genaro reviewed the underlying base table, C$PINPOINT.REG_COMPONENTS, and contains the following columns: ID, BATCH_ID, COMPONENT_REG_ID, STOICH, PERCENTAGE. Only one value of one row is being changed (STOICH). 

### Implementation Plan
Spencer Trinh will write the SQL code to manually update the C$PINPOINT.REG_COMPONENTS values to be executed by DM team.

### Roll Out Plan
Once the SQL code is completed, it will be sent to DM for evaluation and if confirmed the DM team will execute the SQL code to have immediate effect on the PROD environment.

### Back Out Plan
If changes need to be rolled back we will re-write the SQL to set it back to where it had originally been set to (0.5). The only thing that is being changed is one numeric value (STOICH). Also, DM had bad a back-up before the UPDATE statements were executed.

### Implementation Date/Time Information
As soon as approval is received.


Here is the draft for User Story 144 (Setup new assay for JAK2 program):

Scientists requested to setup/configure new assay for JAK2 program to include a new cell line, TF-1 and have the summary data populate in between F-36P, Duration 2 and Jurkat within the AlphaLISA, IC50 table section.

Spencer Trinh (RCH Solutions) appended the proper SQL query statement to add this cell-line in the logic. The SQL code was updated and executed on DEV. Genaro uploaded a dataset to Studies module and confirmed the new data being displayed in the proper subsection mentioned below.

The data will be presented on the Browser module with the new TF-1 Duration 2 subsection within the JAK2-Degrader home page.

### Impact Analysis
Spencer and Genaro reviewed the underlying complex SQL for Datasource (SUMM_JAK2), and assessed that there will be no possible impact on other tables or data views because it is an additional dozen or so columns that are being added to this Datasource. Since the frontend is only selecting specific columns, there wouldn't technically be an impact on other data tables. The only impact is if the new columns do not show up, and would be displayed as blank cells.

### Implementation Plan
Spencer Trinh will write the SQL code to append to the current Datasource (SUMM_JAK2).

### Roll Out Plan
Once the SQL code is completed and tested on DEV, it will be copied and pasted into PROD.

### Back Out Plan
If changes need to be rolled back, we will delete the added SQL code to set the Datasource back to what it had originally been (SUMM_JAK2). There are back-up copies of the original SQL code.

### Implementation Date/Time Information
As soon as approval is received.
