[Home](../../main.md) | [Prev: Day 220](notes_2025-08-27.md) | [Next: Day 222](./notes_2025-08-29.md)

## 📝 Day 221, Thursday - `notes_2025-08-28.md`

### US360
- Remove DAR Value from all BioRegister Browser page tables
    * This was first done on the newly created CALR project browser page
    * removed all DAR-related columns from `ADC Batch Info` table section:
        * `DAR_HIC_HPLC`
        * `DAR_LCMS`
        * `DAR_UVVIS`
        * `DAR_NOBE_MS`
    * assuming this is where the client wants data removed; was not entirely clear in the request on DEVOPS

##### Impact Analysis for US360
The request is: Remove DAR Value from all BioRegister Browser page tables.
The referenced/related tables are:

`ADC_BATCH_INFO`

The Chemistry team has identified that these calculations are inaccurate and misleading. The one person who wanted the data presented is no longer a team member at Prelude.

#### Implementation Plan
Perform actions on DEV first and we'll complete on PRD when approval is received.  

#### Roll Out Plan
No sql edits needed to be done, simply remove the column bindings in the UI (frontend/Dotmatics form) part. The columns still exist in the Datasource and can be readily re-added later if minds are changed.

#### Back Out Plan
Simply re-add the column bindings in the Dotmatics form; no backend work needed.

#### Implementation Date/Time Information
As soon as approval is received.


### US352
- New ADC Project planning
    * rather than creating new DSs may be able to utilise the dynamic DS; which still lives in the Datasources tab, however not part of the DS refresh schedule; created DS with `CALR` suffixes
    * Created prototype on DEV, created new project and DSs


### setup codecompanion on neovim
- added new deepseek adapter using openrouter api key
    * with this i can use any LLM by entering `ga` to select the model
    * if i want to try a special priced llm, i can add credits to the api key
    * no need to add new adapters in the lua config


```lua
    deepseek = function()
      return require("codecompanion.adapters").extend("openai_compatible", {
        env = {
          url = "https://openrouter.ai/api/v1",
          api_key = vim.env.OPENROUTER_API_KEY,
          chat_url = "/chat/completions",
        },
        url = "https://openrouter.ai/api/v1/chat/completions",
        schema = {
          model = { default = "deepseek/deepseek-r1-0528:free" },
        },
      })
    end,
```

### setup gitguardian
- install gitguardian and run secret detector to ensure no secrets are passed to github
    * scanned each `.json` collection file from postman

```bash
pip install ggshield
ggshield auth login
ggshield secret scan path ${FILE_PATH}
```
